What's the matter, my colleague is here, get up quickly.
We are a legally certified couple
You're sneaking around like that
I'll explain it to you later.
The side door of the design museum is in front of you, hurry up and get out
What are you doing?
Who is that man?
A friend.
Friend, but why do I look a bit like Mr. Feng?
Mr. Feng is in the design officer, Brother Song Nan
You just left me and my wife to visit alone
Are you trying to seduce Mr. Feng?
I need an explanation
Humph
You don't claim to be Mr. Feng
Is the lady and the wind better than Jin Jian?
how
Afraid that other women will take Mr. Feng away from you?
You are so insecure
It's because the wind doesn't always give you enough security
Or your relationship?
Not as good as you said
So I heard.
High-society couples play their own games after marriage
Mr. Feng is handsome and rich
You dare to die in love with Brother Yan Cheng in front of me
Sorry ma'am I was wrong
Who can stand beside Brother Yan Cheng
It's just me.
You two have to dare to die for Brother Yan Cheng again
Never intrude
Got it, ma'am.
Madam, what a great event!
What's the matter ma'am
Do you know who I just got a call from?
Well, it's Mr. Gu's phone number from Haicheng Catering Leader
Mr. Gu said to visit his wife
Your design for Fengshe Group
Style he likes
Roll call for you to design his new company
Okay, help me make an appointment with Mr. Gu
I want to talk to him in detail
Zhou Yaru pretended to be me
Owning perk in a company is just a small matter
But use my identity to talk business
In case you screw up
It's not just my reputation that's bad
I can't tolerate it anymore
Zhu Yaru, you can't go
What do you want to do?
He's an impostor.
I am the real president's wife